## 1. Main goal

This project aims for creating front-end integrating with smart contracts by using AI(claude). For my own purpose, Firstly, is to create front-end efficiently by leverage AI abilites, to be specific, not only increasing the front-end development speed but also delegating so many works to AI, for example, some stuff that will spend me so much time to familiar or some work I am resistent to do. Secondly, is the preparation for future usage, such as a hackathon project or other projects needing the front-end, which can helpe me save the time in developing front-end or do some works I havn't the abilites to implement. Thirdly, is the practice by using AI. Or aware the AI's limitations, make sense how to use it effiectively under the limitations.

Initially, I haven't the business logic for this project, however, from the front-end prospective that there exists some commond logics. Some of my thoughts as below.

1. Reading logic: read data from smart contracts.
2. Writing some data to the smart contracts.
3. Complex data showing: such as the list of some type data.
4. Showing the workflow logic: As this project shows that is the steps how to create one stream. Of course, the workflow logic is tightly integrated with the business logic, so this would be varies in differetn business logic. As in this project, the main goal just show the workflow.
5. Other components such as intergrating with traditional back-end, for this project, showing the blockchain's status by connecting the RPC.(todo)

## 2. Process

### 2.1 business logic confirm

Firstly, I didn't have a clear business model, just want to implement the front-end as above. So ask AI to supply one business model satisfly above requirements. After multiply conversations with different AI, Finally, I decided pick up [design-draft](design-draft.md). Of course, the draft was refactored many times, such as deleted the penalities or boost APY logic, whose logic AI doesn't implement in an appropriately way.

### 2.2 draft the front-end

Return to the core task, based on current business model and the data structure, then apply the figama to create the first dradt model. So based on the [design-draft](design-draft.md), Ask AI to supply the front-end desgin suggesitons [figma-design-concept](figma-design-concept.md). Then based on this Apply figma creating the front-end.
draft figma code:
[draft figma code](https://www.figma.com/make/QDPHHU04yXYiwjSxBL7gg0/Dashboard-Layout-Design?node-id=0-4&t=Rd0jeIwtrvzGD3uF-1),As we can see for the inital version,the layout, theme, basic data structure display had staisfied my requirements.

### 2.3 Iterations, make the basic features work

Now, it's time to get the figma code, which can be the beginning for the front-end code. Claude will check the related technical stack, then make it work trough some conversations.
Some iterated list chekc below, Obviously, to make it work as expected needing so many prompts.

[front-end-iterations.md](front-end-iterations.md)

### 2.3 Back-end(smart contracts logic refactor)

Although the initial businesss logic satisfy my beginning requirements, as more checking the code, so mang places should adjust or delete depend on myself. This project's goal is implementing the front-end, so the first priority is to make the smart contract logic as simple as possible. [SMART_CONTRACT_CHANGES.md](SMART_CONTRACT_CHANGES.md) this shows some modifications during the journey. [smart-contract-design-draft.md](design-draft.md) this is the desgin specification.

## 3. The tools

Claude code
figma
[front-end-Technical-Stack](Technical-Stack.md)

front-end

## 4. others

### 4.0 the power of vibe coding

1. For some feature,it's extremely efficient to write the code or debug. for example, for this project, let the claude code adjust the style, showing some data by quering smart contract. It works well in a limited time. The more precious desription, the better effects.

2. Try to use other agent along with claude code, such as playwright agent checking the real fron-end to help the claude code adjust the code.

3. Of course, there are so many feature related with AI code. This project only try the limited features. More info can check this [claude-code-best-practices](https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-code-best-practices)

### 4.1 the features or issues don't corrent or check

1.  Top up
2.  decimals adjust for usdc
3.  thorough test(including some edge case) for the creating stream, and the steam detail display
4.  lacking footroor or other documentation

### 4.2 the increasing reading burden for Vibe coding

Comparing typical coding practice, vibe coding require huge reading along with checking and filtering tasks depends on the ultimate goal. It's very easy to skip or ignore the some content, sometimes that will left potential problems for future. However, a solid understanding for each manageable step will limit the risks, but costing more time.

## 4.3 Aware the code generated by AI.

There are some differences between AI's code and human's code. for example, a higer quality human code shows the iteration process, which means the logic were verified and test and adjusted, while AI's code seems perfect in the first glimpse, but as more check, the more potential issues emergying. Also the more vibe coding, have develop the inution about the vibe coding, which will help the programmar checking the code.

## 5. Seurity consideration

As this is the demo project, so didn't put more attentaion for security. such as the rpc url, private key. but should aware these sentitive infomations when developing
